# WhatsApp Bot API

## Features

- Manipulates WhatsApp Web using wwebjs and Puppeteer.
- Lists user contacts and groups.
- Sends immediate text messages.
- Schedules messages to be sent at later dates and times.

## Roadmap

The following features are planned for future releases:

- [ ] Maintain a history of sent messages.
- [ ] Send audio messages.
- [ ] Send messages with images.

## Cloning the Repository

To clone the repository, run the following command:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/whatsapp-bot-api.git
cd whatsapp-bot-api
```

## Development Mode

To run the project in development mode, follow these steps:

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   yarn install
   ```
2. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   yarn dev
   ```

## Production Mode

To run the project in production mode, follow these steps:

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   yarn install
   ```
2. Build the project:
   ```bash
   yarn build
   ```
3. Start the production server:
   ```bash
   yarn start
   ```

## Environment Variables

The following environment variables are used in this project:

- `PORT`: The port on which the server will run.

## Folder Structure

The project is organized as follows:

```
/whatsapp-bot-api
├── /src
│   ├── /dto
│   ├── /routes
│   ├── /scheduler
│   ├── /services
│   └── /types
├── package.json
├── README.md
├── tsconfig.json
└── yarn.lock
```

## Folder and File Descriptions

- `/src`: Main folder for the source code.
  - `/dto`: Contains the data transfer objects (DTO) used in the application.
  - `/routes`: Defines the API routes and their corresponding controllers.
  - `/scheduler`: Includes scheduled tasks and cron jobs.
  - `/services`: Contains the business logic and services of the application.
  - `/types`: Defines TypeScript types and interfaces used in the project.
- `package.json`: Configuration file for npm/yarn that includes the project's dependencies and scripts.
- `README.md`: File containing the project documentation.
- `tsconfig.json`: TypeScript configuration file.
- `yarn.lock`: Dependency lock file generated by yarn to ensure consistency in package installations.
